All right welcome back my students.
So today we're going to learn about how what is good.
Well get up if you look it up online give up his online project holstering using good that's what it
is.
His online project hosting this Web site right here Coalgate hub will host your project.
But not only that but he would give you a lot of tools that you can use.
And in a lot of tools that older people can use to contribute to your project.
So let's say I want to build the next Facebook I create this new LaRocco installation and I push it
to get hub using my command line and we're going to learn that and I'm in a little bit.
We push it in to get help is available to the public.
And you know that people can come and say listen you have a nice project can I contribute.
I think I can help you out this new feature.
And then they help you out a new feature.
And if you like it you can accept that feature or not accept it you see.
So not only can you push Prodgers and hosta there but you can put it so that people can contribute you
can also have private repositories where you know anybody can look at the only people that you select
can contribute.
So now free repositories I mean the public repositories are free private repositories are cost money
but they don't cost much.
All right.
You can have organizations you can have teams working on projects.
I mean it's a has a lot of feature guys.
Now the first step for you would be to sign up is free sign up because you're going to need to sign
up.
That's what we're going to do in this lecture we're going to sign up I'm going to sign in on mine so
positively re-assigning on yours and sign up with yours.
I'm going to sign in with my personal help account.
I created one for this course right cause I have another gap account under a totally different name
that you would never imagine.
So that's why I'm not showing it right here because it's just a totally different name than my courses
or my name anyway.
So once you have the dash for here you're going to have a green bar and somewhere right now and this
time that we are recording this video that bungs right here or maybe in the future we'll be here or
here or anywhere.
They all change this interface.
One of these days the core concept is the same.
You create a new repository which is going to be free and we can name it whatever we want.
What are we going to name it we're going to name it.
We're learning good or good.
I'm going to name a good course.
All right you can put a description if you want and it tells you that is available if it's not available
.
He's going to tell you it is going to give you a read sign or something you're read like let's say five
dollar bill.
Let me see that when he's available I guess he's available is checking to see also uses this.
So that's where you can create basically anything if you don't already have the repository.
If you don't have it is going to give you a green checkmark.
So let's just say good of course.
And he's going to be public.
We're going to say create repository now is created.
All right.
So now if you go back to it if you go back to your dashboard click in the symbol here you have this
new repository right here on parly repository or private repository I have private because I have a
paid account but you should have this here.
All right.
On the next lecture we're going to learn how to clone repositories into your computer how to push.
I don't know.
We're going to do that in the next lecture at a push projects in together.
But we'll get to that in the next lectures OK.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lectures.